In this lecture I will explain one to one polymorphic relationship.
So the first thing you need to know is that polymorphic is just a very fancy word for a pretty simple
thing.
So let's take a look at this example.
So those squares represent models and relations between them.
So this is a one to one relationship.
And on the left we see two blog post models and then a user model.
And this is what we will achieve.
So we have a single image model which can be light related by one to one relationship to either blog
post or user.
So this is our current situation.
This is how the database schema looks like.
And this actually prevents us from assigning an image to a user.
And this is because this image model and image table or image are stable.
I would say have a blog post IDF field which basically relates it to a blog post inside the database.
So this is what we have currently.
What we would like to have is those blog posts and user models that just wants change but instead the
image instead of having a specific relation to one another model which would be blog post it will have
now two fields where one would represent ideas of the relation which can related either to blog post
or to the user.
And then there is another field which is the imaginable type.
And inside this field which would be a string we will specify the actual model name to which it is related.
So it is a very simple idea.
So for example you can have rows inside the table where the idea could be either a blog post idea or
user I.D. but then there is this another field that actually specifies what kind of model that is.
So this imaginable is not.
You have well not a name you have to give to this field.
This is just a larval convention.
So basically this was the image and this able suffix is just a convention you would give to those kind
of fields.
Now you can see that you always would have those two fields so there will be one field with a name.
This could be magical.
This could also be just anything else you can come up with but then you will always have this underscore
I.D. suffix to actually have the idea of the related model.
And then there is this type to specify what is the actual type of dose related model.
So this should be pretty simple.
So now let's just implement.
So you will see what actually will have inside the database.
So our goal is to keep image as stable as it is except that instead of blog post idea we now have two
fields one for specifying the idea of a related model and another one to specify the type of this related
model and that's basically all the risks about this magic polymorphic word you just use one table which
then you can relate to couple of different models without having a field like blog post I.D. or user
I.D. because this will just not make sense.
And instead we have just one field which basically is two fields but one of those fields holds I.D.
another holds the type of that related model.